well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about the
2020 election what we can expect to see
over the next few weeks from the
incumbent
and cover properly we're here at anytown
high school to cover the student
body election
okay so you have the incumbent donnie
class bully rich kid who's daddy always
bailed him out of trouble
he's the incumbent he's partnered up
with uh the one kid who like audibly
prays in the hallway and even
most people of his own faith don't want
to be around him
don't know how that happened um but
they're working together
and they're trying to get another term
okay they're trying to stay
as class president and vice president
now if you talk to the other schools in
the school district
those that we've worked with and stuff
like that you talk to their class
presidents
they kind of say that these guys didn't
participate in any class projects
and didn't pull their weight when it
comes to the school district at large
when it comes to inside the school
he really didn't put forth any policies
he tried to get a new fence put up
on the south field but it's
already falling down and didn't get it
finished
so there's that uh there was time he
got everybody sick and tried to blame it
on the exchange student
he doesn't have any policy really
so it's probably a little late in the
game to expect that
we're not going to see any policy
proposals come forth from him
nobody would believe him even if
even if he put me forward so that's off
the table
it's also too late in the game for him
to try to be a statesman
and develop some kind of leadership
skills
so we're probably not going to see that
either so
he didn't do anything for the school
outside of school didn't do anything for
the school
inside the school what about
endorsements
well the school resource officer likes
him
the one kid that's not allowed to come
here anymore he was tall
got banned he endorsed him our school
rival
they they endorsed him we've had a
rivalry going back to since like
1945. they they're they're very
supportive of him
uh but i don't know that that's gonna be
enough i don't know that's gonna be
enough to carry him through
to another term because that's really
what this is it's a referendum
on donny's administration or lack
thereof
so what can we expect to see over the
next three weeks
what can he really do you got the wild
card option
where he walks out in the hallway find
some little kid nobody likes
maybe uh enr missing and uh pushes him
up against the lockers
get everybody to rally around him show
how big and bad he is
that's one option but it's a little late
for that he should have done that a
couple weeks ago if he's gonna do it
so i don't know that we're gonna see
that now
he might send his little bully buddies
out on election day to remind everybody
who they're supposed to vote for
that'll he'll probably do that he'll
probably do that one
but more than likely he's probably gonna
rely
on what's always worked for him making
stuff up
he's probably gonna start some rumors
maybe not about
his political opposition themselves
maybe not about them
but about people connected to them like
i don't know
maybe you know there was this girl that
they used to hang around
she sent some text messages and my buddy
billy has him
and we're going to release him right
before the election really embarrass her
he's not running against hillary or her
text messages
so i don't know that that's going to be
really relevant i don't think anybody's
going to care about that
now he may just attempt to make stuff up
i mean we have to consider that a pretty
high probability because
he does it every day um
so with the polls showing what they are
showing
and he's currently got like a nine
percent chance of winning i guess
he's probably going to get pretty
desperate and he's probably just going
to start lashing out
it's what all people like this do
so we should be ready for some explosive
claims
that are completely baseless and
unfounded i would imagine they'd show up
sometime
in the next two weeks
i would just be ready to remind your
fellow students
about this individual's long long
history
of just making stuff up and at the end
of the day
i honestly can't think
of anything that he could make up about
his political opposition that is worse
than the stuff that he's done
so that's where we're at here at anytown
high school
we'll uh find out what happens in a
couple weeks
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day